are you ready to test your detective and
survival skills these riddles will help
you develop problem-solving abilities
and become more inventive you get one
point for each crack case let's see your
results at the end maybe you'll win a
special prize mysterious disappearance
Sarah went out one night and left Amy
sleeping on the couch when she returned
amy was gone but her phone was on the
couch the last number dialed was six
four four four five five three three
Sarah suspected three people who could
be behind Amy's disappearance
Amy's cousin Tina their neighbour Mike
and Amy's brother Luke when the police
showed up they analyzed the phone number
and found out who was the organizer
you've got seven seconds to figure it
out it was Mike Amy used the t9 writing
keyboard it means she had to press each
number a few times to get the letter the
numbers make up the word Mike a stranded
sailor
Oliver was sailing his yacht when
something went wrong his ship sank in
the middle of the ocean after swimming
for hours the man woke up on a deserted
island after looking around he saw two
men well wasn't so deserted was it they
were Islanders who wanted to keep Oliver
locked in one of the caves on the island
Oliver agreed but asked them to grant
him one last wish when he told the men
what he wanted they set him free what
was his wish
he said I agree but only the smartest
can lock me they're a happy couple Suzie
and Jason had been married for 10 years
one day Suzie went on a business trip
she had to stay away from home for two
days as soon as the woman came back
Jason realized something was wrong the
woman hugging him wasn't his wife how
did he know Suzie always wore her
wedding ring and the woman who pretended
to be her didn't have one
there was no tan line in its place
either or it really was Suzie but she
came back after getting a nose job using
her wedding ring to pay for it could be
a ski resort Katy a private investigator
decided to have a vacation at a ski
resort in France while she was waiting
in the lobby
the hotel manager announced he was
looking for some translators he needed
help with important documents he wanted
people who spoke in different languages
Katy offered to help with a hiring
process Maya said she was living in
Germany and knew the German language
Rob said he once lived in Singapore and
was fluent in Mandarin John said he has
spent a decade in Brazil and spoke
Brazilian Katy immediately told the
clerk that one of the applicants was
lying can you figure out who it was
[Music]
it was John they speak Portuguese in
Brazil when they're not talking soccer
what happened to Archie one day
detective Bob received a call from his
friend Samantha she told him she had
been out shopping for food but when she
came home her husband Archie was on the
floor unconscious the detective had
three suspects in the house
the cook said he had been in the kitchen
all day
the security guard explained he had
spent all morning cleaning the swimming
pool area the maid told the detective
she had been tidying the messy living
room all day
that's when Bob knew who was behind the
accident you have seven seconds to
figure it out it was the security guard
cleaning swimming pools doesn't sound
like something a security guard would be
hired to do who has more chances to
survive Lisa and Olivia managed to
escape from a sinking ship Lisa was
dragged away by a powerful current and
woke up on an island
Olivia was still floating in a lifeboat
but she was extremely thirsty which of
the two will survive longer you have
seven seconds to decide it'll be Lisa
the water she has will keep her going a
little bit longer Olivia can't drink
ocean water because the amount of salt
in it is dangerous for people don't feel
bad for Olivia though the Titanic will
be along shortly to pick her up
uh-oh a lost guitarist Lisa was a
successful guitar player in a rock band
on Friday they were having their third
big gig and the band was waiting for her
but she was nowhere to be found
finally the girl showed up but it wasn't
Lisa it was her twin sister Sarah she
locked her sibling in the basement took
her clothes and the guitar and got ready
to pose as a band member but as soon as
the team saw Sarah they immediately knew
she wasn't Lisa
how did they know
[Music]
you need short fingernails to play the
guitar
Sarah had long nails but apparently she
didn't fret about it
where did they hide the money Josh and
Amy a married couple were computer
experts one night they logged into a
bank system and took the money from all
the clients savings accounts bad Josh
and Amy after that they withdrew all the
money and fled to a small village they
bought all the houses in the area and
told the villagers to stay in only the
large hotel in the neighborhood when the
police found out about it they checked
all the houses and still they couldn't
find the remaining cash the couple had
taken why you have seven seconds to
figure it out Josh and Amy hid the money
in the hotel and used the houses as a
distraction a hotel safe police officer
James was called in to a small hotel to
investigate a mysterious jewelry
disappearance Emily checked in the night
before and put all her expensive
diamonds in her hotel room safe after
she came back from lunch the next day
the jewelry was gone
surprise surprise James had three
suspects the receptionist said she had
been out on her lunch break
the maid said another guest had checked
out earlier that day and she had been
cleaning their room Susan another hotel
guest said that she had just woken up
she was sleeping the whole morning
because she had been at a party the
night before one of them is live can you
guess who it is
[Music]
it's Susan she said she had just woken
up but the maid had already made her bed
of Susan who took the statue mrs. Ruth
called the police to report someone had
taken her husband's expensive statue she
was washing her hair in the shower when
she heard footsteps downstairs she went
down to investigate and found the statue
gone
the detective knew mrs. Ruth was lying
right away how did he figure it out
[Music]
mrs. Ruth couldn't hear footsteps while
washing her hair in the shower unless
maybe it was Shrek or something
a dangerous River Michael and David were
surfing the internet one evening do
people still do that anyway suddenly
they came across an article that claimed
their local River was very mysterious
people disappeared in it without a trace
the two friends were intrigued and
decided to investigate the next day they
went to the river Michael went into the
water he wanted to dive and explore the
bottom but a very strong current dragged
him away what should he do to survive
swim against the current go with the
flow swim toward the shore and try to
get out you have seven seconds to save
Michael
[Music]
the best option is to swim toward the
shore as the current drags it he can
either anchor himself or get out of the
water three doors Bryan was going home
from work when he heard his neighbor
shouted for help he rushed in the voice
was coming from a basement as soon as he
entered the door closed behind him Bryan
saw his neighbor in a lab coat the man
turned out to be a mad scientist the
only way out was through solving a
riddle of course if Bryan doesn't crack
it he'll stay trapped in the basement
and have to watch 24-hour news three
metal doors appeared in front of him the
first one was scorching hot if Bryan
touched it he'd burn himself the second
one was coated with acid that could eat
through anything except metal the third
one was electrified which door should he
pick
the third one Bryan was wearing rubber
boots and rubber doesn't conduct
electricity the only thing he had to do
was push the door with his foot and now
your long awaited results if you got one
two four points you need to get more
creative and use your analytical skills
if your result is five to nine points
well you should pay more attention to
details it'll help you both to survive
in extreme situations and understand
when people lie to you
for those who crack 10 to 13 riddles
you're a true survival expert Congrats
you and lunch with a bright side dolphin
hey don't get carried away it's just
lunch